so different types of assault. There are different reporting factor is
a restricted and unrestricted. Both have, um, different circumstances.
So restricted, uh, report is one report that you would submit that
nobody knows Thea events that took place. I'm not sure if it's just
the commanding officer, you may be aware, but what it does do is
it allows all of the evidence to be collected all the different specimens
unfortunate nous happened, but to not be reported upon a chain
of command, The unrestricted is you report it, they collect all the
evidence and it goes up the chain of command not necessarily your immediate
chain of command, but for the people who can address the sexual
assault Now, if you report to a chaplain, it doesn't matter if
it's restricted or unrestricted, because they have confidence and they
will not report it for either way. So it's a safe haven there. I
will say that if you report to certain individuals like if you report
to ah hospital out in town, you no longer can have a restricted because
they're bound by different laws than in the military. So there
is a little bit of nuance and complications, but in essence is who
sees the reports knowing that you go and get help. Either way is what's
important.